hey guys what's up this video is special
because it's Brandis on part two John
Freitas on part two what is that oh my
gosh well Brandis ons are basically
we're like my social need a facelift so
I get together photographer and designer
and we make some cool stuff and I'm
going to introduce the first person who
I'm going to be collaborating western TG
cam what you do I am a photographer I
live in Brooklyn and this is my first
time hanging out was hair and not an
event that's true that's true
so we met through a mutual friend and
then he came and hung out helpful and
why and now we get to like do creative
stuff together the most important thing
I think we need to capture to the
profile picture I'm still debating
whether or not to have it all like
designing like my last one or just like
a normal new yorky picture is something
I don't know I know this is a little bit
different in the last one movie kind of
gallivanting around this video guys
playing studio so we're not sure what's
going to happen anything could really
have anything could happen were you
shooting when we look training with this
sony a7r - with a peak design strat well
peak design one of my favourite brands i
was i subida s-- 55 won eight on this i
like this one's a lot cuz it gets the
job done really well and it's super late
I also had a cannon
2424 1.4 l series lens with the meta
bones adapter so that it could fit on
these Sony Alta auto focus of that auto
focus with that is almost the same I
can't do some of the autofocus
marie-therese that Sony has but overall
I guess it's pretty much you know the
same this is my go to portrait close-up
lens the 85 1.8 all about below a
betrayer that's the last one we're going
to start here on apartment get some
stuff around here and then go out into
New York it's a little bit of a hot day
even all that love that Johnny I just
I've never understood the point a
polarizer writer so right now the
polarizer is showing the reflection of
the computer screen but I could cut it
out by just twisting it that is inserted
halfway I wanted to get a mirror
of us with a little bit of the screen I
could do that or if I just wanted it to
be full image on the computer screen I
just twist it a little bit see that okay
so this isn't real vlogging guys this is
a fake vlogging for the camera so well
go to the roof
it's very smoking hot just like your
fake dog well you hate the roof okay
that's cool right I don't have a shovel
oh man we can hang out with this guys
[Music]
getting a few snap of John now you're
doing so great honey are we doing right
now why are we why are we in a piece of
shop we are refueling
the shop is not really we're just
getting a slice of pizza for a picture
time where we just got yelled at I was
standing on a pole here any garments
very nicely just like now I think we got
it
got to do it for free oh good for the
grass now we're trying to leave the
chaos I never see this building but
here's the here's the Chrysler Building
so pretty I was in charge now seven
years and I've always been totally
buried regatta always good the Chrysler
Building Buddha's Empire cycles really
[Music]
what is you and your roommates
yeah yeah you know what I will come
really proud of it okay do you want to
learn it oh my god I write well my room
and I would all about
wanted incorporates the Iowa
start off not smile
green tea no no pile on each other eight
miles renegades
looking each other and then we just when
we know it's time for the handshake we
should feel like this oh my and I was
bringing it in
smile smile deviously Wow mile tedious
oh my god son it is yeah camera Jerry
thank you so much I think we got some
sick shots
yeah I think I'm gonna busy oh yeah oh
yeah so next step is handing over some
pictures to Alex to get designing on the
German thank you so much where do they
find you on your social on me on mostly
Instagram on this Instagram is coffee
its je erm underscore Cowan so German
dirt or so on on like everything Co
follow chair and then I have a side
project to yeah today I photograph check
that out
check it out check it out we got to be
friends but now I am with the amazing
Alex give some context as to who you are
like what is your story what have you
been doing the past three months
well my name is al Castro I go online
and Outkast
so there's like a million out casters
but I am a designer illustrator past
three months I've been interning it has
the verge of which now actually working
at the virtual time which is insane he's
the definition of just going out there
and giving it and it's working in all
our jeans that have come out recently
yeah it's like unreal New York has
proven itself to be just like nowhere no
eyes like it yeah and get this we met on
you now yeah so crazy separate news like
live strings
Twitter all right how you build like the
relationships yeah he is basically going
to be doing the designing side of the
brand's on firstly to Rondo's on so the
thing see I haven't even typed this out
for you this is how terrible I am these
are the things that I guess are the
things that I need is the checklist yes
and checklist so profile picture cover
pictures in inflate for YouTube yes and
then the other key thing is I'm starting
a podcast yes and so I actually just
asked Twitter what I should name I
casted my vote wakey-wakey the I sent
daily peach daily peach and I so daily
peach what do you think time we need
another honestly this is what I've been
stressing out about for a long time it's
just the name of a project I don't think
that she should disappear if I get too
worried about how can a peach disappear
from human existence I think this a ways
uses fun right do you have a podcast
called a daily be forever be directed
and my lightening is beachy is hard hard
to say yeah I want you find a better
word to rhyme leafy
bleach terribly perfect
what you're trying like Clorox right
okay I'm catching my boat
can I leave yes okay so we just decided
it here it's going to be the daily peak
the kicker is you basically have the
weekend like I'm giving you three and a
half days there's not a good corner
things move fast over here right fingers
but I'll be follow him on Instagram I'm
excited account I'm always up for
challenges yeah and usually when I have
tycoon streams within a certain amount
like this like always like too much time
yeah there's too little time and there's
a good amount of time right I'm hoping
this is a good right area that you're in
a little a little um dry and I'm not
going to be able to afford him in a year
so this is this is the time thankfully I
can afford know I can afford you with
our friendship and exposure right and
you people love that word
[Music]
yo was good to boy Alex cast been out
two days since I met with Sarah met with
her on Wednesday it is not Friday that
Wednesday I actually worked on it at
night but Thursday I easily had a full
day I cannot do anything and how
basically this whole Friday all day I'm
gonna be working on this project and we
made we made some progress the other day
I was talking to Sarah a lot about
typefaces like found one she liked it so
now we have a typeface that I'm going to
show you that right now
basically it's super nice it's super
clean it was made this year so it's
super modern super new and it's just
kind of the style friends I have right
now and what's going to be the bedrock
of the rest of the brain the branding
[Music]
good now eleven o'clock on Friday night
I had like three postman stories today
obviously sitting here all day I have
not left this apartment and it's good
it's good we're making making things
happens getting kind of late in this
whole marathon thing so my mind is kind
of turning to jello just a little bit so
here's a kind of a Twitter template that
I have for her cover photos and I'm kind
of waiting on her to send me her final
verbage first stuff let me let me go
back to the style frames we have some
podcast artwork as well the daily peach
is coming out and this is a YouTube end
card that I made I want to make one for
collabs or she has two profile pics
hopefully that all made sense
I'm trying my brain is you know
basically like hours and hours straight
on Photoshop which is what I love I love
doing it and this has been really
exciting project
[Music]
it is Sunday night
it is like 10:00 10:30 I'm done I'm
basically done with the project I sent
Sara all the files I think I'm done the
source ever want to make some like other
assets to kind of help her out and more
templates to send her and some like that
just basically extensions of the brain
styles but this is about it think I'm
good
so hope you like it back to you Sara
I don't know Alex you're a natural and
camera you might have a future as a
blogger mad love to Alex and Jeremy they
absolutely crushed it I am so obsessed
with all the pictures and the designs
that have now landed on all of my social
medias YouTube Twitter YouTube Facebook
even though I don't care really about
Facebook I still have one please go
follow Alex and Jeremy on Instagram they
are so so talented and amazing human
beings I don't know if you guys remember
this in the video but I said I have a
podcast I'm preparing for a podcast and
by the time that you're watching it it
is here it has arrived the daily peach
hosted by a yo girl herself Sara
Nietzsche rhymes is peachy a daily
podcast
yes daily every single day about
creativity tech entertainment business
it's going to be fun right now I am
posting them as episodes on my anchor
app anchor is a dope platform where you
can make podcasts and sanely easy but it
makes interacting with you guys fun
because you can comment you can give me
little emojis based on what I'm saying
you can request topics and you can call
in you can ask me questions you can
suggest top it you never know I might
put some of your beautiful peachy Sam
voices in some podcast to come so I am
super excited
I'm also uploading them onto sounds on
and they will be in the iTunes and
Google Play Store very soon I will keep
you updated on that thank you guys so
much for tuning and let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new video
every single Monday through Friday night
things are just getting creative up here
I hope you're ready check out tonight's
podcast because I actually interviewed
Alex who did all the design and we dive
deeper kind of in his journey and design
as a 19 year old who is now living in
New York City pursuing his dream jpg'
okay bye
[Music]